It was the night before the delivery deadline before Christmas... and all through the house 
was heard the soft clicking and whirring of printer and mouse.
Parcels lay strewn in every which way,
with wrapping paper and packaging all on display.

The rush was on for the Christmas deadline you see 
and <Character Name> had left the parcel packing until after their tea.
Each box for a friend would be stacked by the stair,
In hopes that in the morning <named Courier service> would be there.

In the midst of the chaos the doorbell did ring, 
“Who could that be?” <character name> thought as they tied up a string.
It was a late-night delivery of something unknown,
Could be a book or a beagle or an old-style gramophone?
 
With the parcel signed for, and courier on his way,
<character name> went back to their busy wrapping day.
With the new delivery almost opened another distraction was at hand,
From the living room a phone rang, completely unplanned. 

A call from an Auntie that put time off track, 
Left our protagonist trying to pick up the slack.
With last labels printed and hurriedly stuck on,
It was time to go to bed and dream through until dawn.

Wrenched from a dream as a good bit drew near,
By a rap on a door? Ah the Courier is here! 
A swift hustle and bustle of parcels to van,
and a thank you mince pie for the delivery man.

Now time to relax with a good job well done. 
Every last parcel away! But wait, what’s this one?
With shock and surprise after slightest delay, 
remembered was the unopened gift from yesterday.

With unwrapping  the gift came confusion and shock,
“This is the tea cosy and puzzle book for Great Uncle Jock?!”
At once the error was clear as can be,
“I’ve sent a parcel to him, that was meant for me!”

“That’s Christmas Ruined! I must get it on track!
I must find a way to get that parcel back!”
With fleetest of fingers and no delay,
On to <named courier service> website to try save the day!

A scuffle of papers on desk had unveiled,
the tracking information of the gift wrongly mailed.
On the <courier> website there was a pop-up  you see,
and with a click of ‘reject all cookies’ <character> thought “They’re not tracking me!”

With a quick search in the parcel tracking bar,
an HTTP request was sent over the wire. 
Through to server, and thence a database,
with information retrieved the path was retraced. 

It popped up on the screen, the information was clear,
The delivery van was headed to West Devonshire.
As a local of sunny Weston-on-Trent, 
<character> thought it was a strange place for the parcel to be sent.

With no time left for a return and resend,
<character> found <pro>self at <pro2> whist end!
And then in a split second an idea did appear,
“I’ll go there, switch the parcel then be in the clear!”


A Delivery Dilemma so hard to compound, 
would require <pro> to put <pro2> boots on the ground.
With the solution to the problem not an easy one,
<character>’s Christmas Adventure had just begun!